Durable state store. (#145)
akka/akka-persistence-spanner: docs/src/main/paradox/durable-state-store.md

```
akka.persistence.spanner {
    project = <spanner project>
    instance = <spanner instance>
    database = <spanner database>
}
```

Authentication details will be picked up from the environment using the standard 
mechanism described [here](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started).
   
### Reference configuration 

The following can be overridden in your `application.conf`

@@snip [reference.conf](/journal/src/main/resources/reference.conf)

### Testing with the Spanner emulator

The [Spanner Emulator](https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/emulator). 
Set the following to connect to it:

```
akka.persistence.state.plugin = "akka.persistence.spanner.durable-state-store"
  akka.persistence.spanner {
    session-pool {
      # emulator only supports a single transaction at a time
      max-size = 1
    }
    
    use-auth = false
 }
akka.grpc.client.spanner-client {
  host = localhost
  port = 9010
  use-tls = false
}
```

You will need to have created the instance and database.

### Deletes

The durable state store supports deletes through hard deletes, which means the durable state store entries are actually deleted from the database. 

> There is no materialized view with a copy of the event so if an event that is tagged is deleted it will no longer show up in changes by tag queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no materialized view with a copy of the state so if a state that is tagged is deleted it will no longer show up in changes by tag queries.
```

Hmmm, this sounds dangerous. If I'm reading correctly, a projection may loose the last few changes of an entity:

```
...
entity123-rev6
entity123-rev7
entity123-rev8
entity123-rev9
(deleted)
```

If the projection lags behind and only consumes up to `entity123-rev7`, hard-deleting the entity at rev10 means the projection will not only miss rev8 and rev9, but also it'll miss the fact that the entity was deleted.

Is that alright? It looks like projections will become out of sync.

Reviewer: This problem is probably not exclusive to the spanner plugin, though. How do deletes work in the JDBC plugin and how does the JDBC plugin prevent this problem? cc @debasishg
